we finish the eleventh episode of 2014 of
moto news with the usual test on
Street
this time around the volkswagen
golf variant we drove together
our collaborator is called
no see you our impressions
guide in this next service
it is quite strange to drive a golf course
the sports car par excellence of the
young people in a quiet version
variant more suited to families than
to the sports raids yet the
volkswagen golf variant 1.4 tsi that
we drove together with ours
Via marcucci collaborator it was
satisfied for its merits already by
look that embarrasses those who
originally they thought of a passat
variant but which find the golf variant
the transverse modular platform of the
volkswagen golf vii functionality
required in station wagons
with a capacity of 600 5 liters with the
rear seat in normal position
and the 1620 liters with the backrest
overturned the golf variant we have
driven and the night of the petrol engine
the 1395 cc 122 horsepower gearbox
6-speed manual and stop system
start matching that meets the
anti-pollution legislation euro 5 b la
golf variant welcomes you with a
simple steering wheel without any buttons
the typical dashboard has two
round instruments with tachometer e
temperature indicators on the left and
speedometer plus level instrument of the
fuel to the right while the medium is
place the dial that offers the
computer indication I address and
navigator
the finishes are sober and pleasant
premium level connotations that
allow you to meet every need
guide her and make her strong point fun
they entered guided where it is very
agile thanks to the sensitive steering that
also transmits small movements
made by drivers giving the feeling
to let oneself be dominated by those who are seated
behind the steering wheel
this happens also thanks to
electronic differential lock
optimized cross offered as
standard equipment
this system allows you to choose between
the comfortable ride or spare
the most fun and sporty one
we really appreciated the setting
of cruise control that does not interrupt the
its function when pressing the clutch
and change gear
eliminating the need to reset
the speed of gait whenever
we need to change the length ratio
of 4,562 mm and the width of 1,799 mm
make it suitable also for
circulation through traffic in
which behaves well thanks also to the
handling characteristics
previously mentioned consumption yes
stands at 6.90 liters per 100 km in the
4.40 liter urban cycle in that
extraurban 5.30 liters in the cycle
combined
always obviously related to one
travel 100 kilometers the car
guarantees the safety of drivers and
passengers with 7 and rabat e comes
equipped with rear-view mirrors
electrically adjustable indicator
external temperature control
electronic stabilization system
electric windows brake of
electronic parking which includes the
pressure indicator autofocus function
of tires and cruise lights
control and speed limits among others
special features aimed at security and
to ride comfort
the volkswagen golf variant 1.4 tsi comes
offered the list on the Italian market
at the price of 22,350 euros
so we finish the episode number 11 of the
2014 of motor news
we wish you a good week e
if you want to continue to follow us
we will be here the strange next ever
thanks to this old questionnaire
see you later